# Sprint: Misc Work Oct-2024-A

**Dates:** 2024-10-09 → 2024-10-22
**Items:** 61 total (8 stories, 4 bugs, 49 tasks)

**Completion:** 58 / 61 done

---

## Stories (Product Backlog Items)

### [11284] ONBOARDING: Create a new view in VDS - User Info

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Justin Pope | **Priority:** 3 | **Tags:** No QA; ONBOARDING

**Description:**

In this exercise, we will create a new view in the main VDS application, along with an accompanying navigation menu and routing.  While probably considered excessive for this story, we will treat this as a feature as it pertains to the codebase structure, and this feature will be called User Info. 

 
Be as creative or as vanilla as you like with the view layout and aesthetics.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

Create a new view called User Info, and display the following information: 
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Welcome Email Sent 
Welcome Email Validated 
Is Test User 
 Create a new navigation menu item called My Info under the User/ Session category, and route to the new view that you've created.

**Child Tasks (3):**

- [18289] (Done) @JustinPope Dev Investigation
- [18290] (Done) @JustinPope Development
- [18291] (In Progress) @JustinPope PR review

**Comments (8):**

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey , sounds good.  I'll quickly finish setting up the view, commit my changes thus far, and then turn my attention to to the backend fetching logic.  Thanks!

> **Eric Hickey** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe You could try, but I expect that you're going to find that to be an extensive rabbit hole.  Why don't you start that and let me know how it's coming in a few hours.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey , couldn't I just add WelcomeEmailSent and WelcomeEmailValidated to the UserDTO, so that the endpoint returns those as well?  Currently, I can't find anything hitting this exact endpoint, so I may have to implement a new frontend DTO to catch what's coming back from the call to the backend.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey , nevermind.  I found it in VEOSolutionsSecurity_DEV.

> **Eric Hickey** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe The values that I put in the AC are all out of the VEOSolutionsSecurity_Dev.Users table.  My presumption was that we had an endpoint that would return this user information in a single call.  This was so your work was just retreiving simple information from a single call and displaying it.
> 
> I wonder if we should change the AC to make this part easier.  There's an endpoint in the SecurityController called GetUser that returns a UserDTO.  It does not contain the Welcome Email properties, and adds and Active property.  How does that sound?

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey Yes, I am seeing the method you screenshot getUserWelcomeEmailDates, which hits this endpoint in EmailEventsController.cs, which retrieves from a table, in VeoSolutions_DEV database, called 'email_events'.  
> 
> Are you saying that we should use this method to get the 'sent' date, but some other endpoint, that hits a 'users' table in order to determines the 'welcome email validated' status?  If so, which database does that 'users' table live in?

> **Eric Hickey** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe No.  I presume that you are looking at the Edit User Profile view for comparison.  Here's the code that determines the open date (it's in `services\editUserProfileService.js`):
> 
> There is a separate table, in a different database, that stores email events.  For this exercise, it's fine just to show the date/time that is stored in the users table.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey , does 'Welcome Email Validated' == 'Welcome Email Opened'?

---

### [17650] Setup Flintrock in Staging

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 3 | **Tags:** branding; Carried; No QA

**Description:**

We want to implement branding for our customer Flintrock Builders. In order to do so, we need to validate the work somewhere, and ideally not production. I think it makes sense to use the Staging environment for this.  

 
Questions:  
how will we handle acceptance testing going forward?

**Acceptance Criteria:**

In the staging environment, setup the following (using Flintrock in production as reference if possible)  
bring over the current Flintrock theme from dev to Staging (version 1.0 of the theme)  
the organization for Flintrock Builders 
the account org setup in Veosolutionssecurity_Staging https://staging.veodesignstudio.com/admin/#/home 
the customer setup in WBS_STAGING -> Veo_Staging (staging db for VEO)  
run from local and point to WBS_STAGING -> Veo_Staging 
 includes name + builder logo (from Echelon)  
at least one tenant plan w/mappings  
VCMS: some minimal catalog data (at least a few catalog options in 2-3 categories)  
dev.veocatalog.com 
 some minimal estimated data (at least a few price levels for 1-2 estimated applications)  
cabinets + 1 other  
   some test users (Reid)  
Josh Adams; jadams@flintrockbuilders.com as Designer legacy role 
 
Carline Marquez; cmarquez@flintrockbuilders.com as Designer legacy role  
Emily Marin; emily@flintrockbuilders.com as Designer legacy...

**Child Tasks (7):**

- [17688] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [17721] (Done) @ReidWilson Create empty Flintrock builder
- [17722] (Done) @ReidWilson Figure out how to give it the proper logo legitimately (no hack)
- [17723] (Done) @RogerWang Provide Flintrock with catalog data
- [17724] (Done) @ReidWilson Provide Flintrock with estimated data
- [17725] (Done) @RobertHobbs Give access to specified users
- [17726] (Done) @ReidWilson Write script if applicable

**Comments (3):**

> **Joe Ebeling** _
> 
> Per Robert in 18 Oct standup this phase for Flintrock has been completed and this story can be closed.  Setting to Review for @Robert Hobbs.    I will close the tasks per meeting.

> **Joe Ebeling** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs : Did you comment this morning that this work item can be closed, and that the 3 open tasks are probably complete?

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson hey Reid, Jim says he can create the data for us if we can instruct him on where to go to do so in our environments.

---

### [17905] ONBOARDING: Modify Spending Summary Report

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Justin Pope | **Priority:** 3 | **Tags:** No QA; ONBOARDING

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- in the spending summary report, add an "X" to the end of every item's name 
- in the spending summary report, change the text color for every item's name to something eye-popping such as hot pink

**Child Tasks (3):**

- [18232] (Done) @JustinPope Dev Investigation
- [18233] (Done) @JustinPope Development
- [18234] (Done) @JustinPope PR review

---

### [18116] Increase max quantity for BOM mods

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Daniel Arwe | **Priority:** 2 | **Tags:** Story Time

**Description:**

David Oliver Wrote:  

 
I am in a meeting and we are discussion of hardware for
Cabinets.  The designer is adding the quantity as the hardware is priced
by piece. The designers issue is a count of 50 is the highest amount allowed to
enter.  They have stated many times that they enter amounts higher than
50. To do that they must enter 50 for the original hardware then do a custom
entry of adding the additional count needed.  Can the maximum count be
raised? 

 

 

 

 

 

 
CUSTOMERS: WBS  

 

 
** if we decide to do this in DB as an org-level value, please default the value for everyone to 99 **

**Acceptance Criteria:**

expose this maximum value in configuration so it can be modified without a redeployment   
increase the max count to: 99 for bom modification - add-ons and swaps

**Child Tasks (7):**

- [18295] (Done) @JenniferHickey Write QA Tests
- [18298] (Done) @VictorMonterrey Execute QA tests
- [18300] (Done) @DanielArwe Investigate
- [18301] (Done) @DanielArwe Dev Work
- [18302] (Done) @DanielArwe PR Review
- [18303] (Done) @DanielArwe QA Review changes (if needed)
- [18304] (Done) @DanielArwe Dev. Testing

**Comments (5):**

> **Victor Monterrey** _
> 
> QA approved. Different values were tested (like: 49, 50, 51, 98, 99, +99) to validate the new max quantity. Copy selections and reports are working as expected.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Jennifer Hickey Rob, should the story proceed through QA without being held up, or should it be held in QA until the rounding mechanisms you referenced are investigated?  Reason I ask is because I think we still have some unanswered questions on the visualizer vignettes story and I was thinking that would take priority over investigating the rounding methods...at least in the short term for this spint.  Thoughts?

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe @Jennifer Hickey so...not to blow this up but I think I need a bit of research on this one given the weirdness for rounding rules. 
> 
> Jim claims that for catalog items where we adjust the quantity we implemented a rule where the total is based on the rounded unit price not the original decimal value. So for example if the price is 83.33 for an item, with ceiling rounding we show 84 for the price. Jim is saying that if this were a regular catalog item and they change the quantity to 4 then the amount we would show is $336 (4 x 84) not $334 (83.33 x 4-> rounded). 
> 
> However, if we wer...

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs, @Jennifer Hickey, @Victor Monterrey, @Walter Martinez  Rob, to answer your question below about BOM mods being copied when you copy selections to other areas....looks like they are being copied:

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> Are bom mods copied when you copy the selections for this area to other areas?

---

### [18120] Release 10/14

**State:** Done | **Priority:** 1

**Child Tasks (1):**

- [18121] (To Do) @ReidWilson manually assign Super Admin and Jim "Can Configure Themes" permission in Prod

---

### [18264] Visualizer: Support Vignettes (Areas)

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Daniel Arwe | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** May Carry; visualization

**Description:**

In order to save on 3d rendering setup costs, the management and our vendor Areas Interactive have opted to try out "vignettes" which are single rooms with different scene IDs versus an entire home modeled as a single scene id with different room identifiers.  

 
Currently our visualizer is not really supporting this. You can try it out with Gracepoint homes in production.  

 
It will visualize the first room (I think) but not work properly when you change rooms from that first one.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

two vignette room scenes can be configured with differing scene IDs (see Aaron about valid values)  
please document all scene configuration data here in the work item  
 the DMH user can visualize products in each room scene properly and switch between them  
note: there may be a performance impact based on our initial implementation or working with Areas. This may be acceptable, but should be discussed. Our goal is to support it first, then optimize after.

**Child Tasks (11):**

- [18294] (Done) @VictorMonterrey Write QA Tests
- [18297] (Done) @VictorMonterrey Execute QA tests
- [18305] (Done) @DanielArwe Dev. Investigation
- [18306] (Done) @DanielArwe Communicate with Jason/Aareas
- [18307] (Done) @DanielArwe Dev. Work
- [18308] (Done) @DanielArwe PR Review
- [18309] (Done) @DanielArwe QA Review Changes (if needed)
- [18310] (Done) @DanielArwe Dev. Testing
- [18363] (Done) @DanielArwe Prestory mtg
- [18504] (Done) @DanielArwe Test changes against Aareas' dev environment
- [18512] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review

**Comments (5):**

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs, @Jennifer Hickey, @Walter Martinez, @Victor Monterrey As discussed in the prestory meeting, I am using these scene associations as overrides on the Aransas plan, for Staggered-QA.  I am linking the insert and delete script for these to allow for toggling between the "normal" Aransas configuration vs. one that points to the 'Vignette-' scenes that I set up for testing this story in development.
> 
> Insert_AssociatedRooms_ForAransasPlanVinettes.sql
> 
> Delete_AssociatedRooms_ForVignetteScenes.sql

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> These are the Scenes I've set up in DEV for development testing, discussed in the prestory meeting @Walter Martinez, @Jennifer Hickey, @Victor Monterrey, @Robert Hobbs.  They each correspond to a scene ID I received from @Aaron Gladstone.

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> Link to the Areas hosted visualizer: https://dam.aareas.com/buildonapidemo/index.html

---

### [18276] QA - Staging Testing

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Victor Monterrey | **Priority:** 3

**Child Tasks (3):**

- [18277] (Done) @JenniferHickey Test in Staging
- [18278] (To Do) @VictorMonterrey Test in Staging
- [18293] (Done) @ReidWilson test Echelon user story in Staging

---

### [28937] ONBOARDING: Create a new view in VDS - User Info

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Samuel Klepper | **Priority:** 3 | **Tags:** No QA; ONBOARDING

**Description:**

In this exercise, we will create a new view in the main VDS application, along with an accompanying navigation menu and routing.  While probably considered excessive for this story, we will treat this as a feature as it pertains to the codebase structure, and this feature will be called User Info. 

 
Be as creative or as vanilla as you like with the view layout and aesthetics.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

Create a new view called User Info, and display the following information: 
First Name 
Last Name 
Email 
Welcome Email Sent 
Welcome Email Validated 
Is Test User 
 Create a new navigation menu item called My Info under the User/ Session category, and route to the new view that you've created.

**Comments (1):**

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> Copied from #11284

---

## Bugs

### [17814] Default org "star" indicator not sticking

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 2 | **Tags:** Story Time

**Repro Steps:**

It has been reported that for sales users, the "star" that indicates the default builder is not saving / displaying properly:

**Child Tasks (4):**

- [18299] (Done) @WalterMartinez Execute QA tests
- [18317] (Done) @ReidWilson Fix the bug
- [18318] (Done) @ReidWilson PR Review
- [18475] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review

**Comments (4):**

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson @Daniel Arwe @Jennifer Hickey @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey 
> 
> All good on the review. Out of curiosity though should a local storage entry with my own user ID and a value for the org that I want to use also work for setting the default builder on login? I attempted to do that and it doesn't appear to work but I wasn't sure from the description if that would work for a sys-admin as well.

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> PFA A quick video where it shows that the main issue was successfully solved.

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson @Jennifer Hickey @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey hey Reid, thanks for documenting this. As an approach to the fix, I think this is good. I am hoping logic-wise we are still solid for home buyers. Buyers will mostly be 1 org / with 1-2 plans. As we grow into more communities, more buyers will be multiple builders, multiple plans (prospective) and contracted 1 plan. Then repeat buyers will be one of those two scenarios and with a more recent plan / contracted plan. I think for buyers having this resolve with logic makes sense if possible to minimize their decision making and gett...

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Jennifer Hickey @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey 
> 
> Here is an explanation of the logic I found.
> 
> The app will check if the logged in user has a "default profile plan". I would rather not have to type out all of the logic behind the algorithm which calculates it because it is extensive. But I know homebuyers will always have a default profile plan and Sys-Admins will not. Sales counselors probably don't, but don't quote me on that. If the default profile plan is not null, then the default account/org will be the account/org of the default profile plan. However, if the default p...

---

### [18380] Skip "Survey" view when speed throttled

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 2

**Repro Steps:**

There is an issue on homebuyer login. It is working as expected in Dev, Preview, Staging and Prod, but not QA. Reid was able to duplicate the issue on his local environment when throttling the internet speed. I ran into the issue when using home internet.When I log in as a homebuyer, it flashes the "survey" screen, but the goes to the dashboard. See attached videos. 
 
Reid's comments: 
Hmm I see. So I can actually reproduce this issue in localhost... but only if I throttle the network connection to be slower than it otherwise would be. So maybe the QA app pool needs to be restarted or something in general is a bit slow with the QA environment combined with maybe Jennifer's network connection was a bit slow since she's at home today, idk. But that being said, I was able to make a small code change to where the issue is no longer reproduceable in my localhost even when throttling to a lower connection speed. Let me know if anyone else has thoughts on how to proceed

**Child Tasks (2):**

- [18385] (Done) @ReidWilson Fix bug
- [18386] (Done) @ReidWilson PR Review

**Comments (1):**

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Joe Ebeling @Robert Hobbs Putting in the current sprint for now, awaiting conversation during Stand up about the risk/impact of this bug on users. This is not a breaking change, in that users will still proceed to OP, DMH, but they won't see the Survey which not be worth taking up sprint time to resolve.
> 
> Current Descision - Reid already has the fix so we'll bring it into this sprint. Will not be in tonight's release due to risk, but can discuss Hotfix.

---

### [18392] VDS Logo no longer shows version number 

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Daniel Arwe | **Priority:** 2

**Repro Steps:**

Mouse over vds logo  

 

 

 
Expected: the version number of the build should appear as a tooltip  

 
Actual: nothing appears

**Child Tasks (6):**

- [18393] (Done) @DanielArwe Investigate
- [18394] (Done) @DanielArwe Fix
- [18395] (Done) @DanielArwe PR Review
- [18396] (Done) @DanielArwe QA Review changes (if needed)
- [18397] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18400] (Done) @WalterMartinez Confirmation Tests

**Comments (1):**

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> Tested on VEO Scheduler, VEO and VEO Admin.
> Find below some screenshots. 
> 
> For VEO:
> 
> =
> 
> For VEO Admin:
> 
> For VEO Scheduler:

---

### [18407] Deployment issue: Company Code was added to VDS API appsettings.config but not Integration API which caused the error.

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Daniel Arwe | **Priority:** 2 | **Tags:** added

**Repro Steps:**

You guys deployed last
night. 
This morning we have
received two errors from the Azure functions calling the Integration API and
getting back 500s. 
  
Jackson says he is unable to
get a response from the API for the report he is working on. 
  
These all call the sessions
endpoint. Can you guys take a look? 
  
Here is what Jackson got in
Postman. 
  
{ 
 
  "Type": null, 
 
  "Title": "An unexpected error occurred!", 
 
  "Status": 500, 
 
  "Detail": "The given key 'EchelonAPICompanyCode' was
not present in the dictionary.", 
 
  "Instance": null, 
 
  "Extensions": {} 
} 
  
  
  
Below is an example of the
error email we are receiving. 
  
The Ravenna Completed
Selections Report Integration encountered an error:

Response status code does not indicate success: 500 (Internal Server Error).

Here is the body of the Completed Session message:

From: Roger Wang <RogerW@buildontechnologies.com>

Sent: Tuesday, October 15, 2024 1:46 PM

 
  
There is one endpoint in
Integration API that...

**Child Tasks (2):**

- [18473] (Done) @WalterMartinez Confirmation Testing
- [18474] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review

**Comments (7):**

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Walter Martinez Rob, to answer your question below, the code changes made added the EchelonAPICompanyCode KVP into the appsettings file, same as we did manually in production the other day with @Eric Hickey, @Shelby Mansker, and @Andrew Fry in order to correct the issue quickly and not have to wait on a deployment or do a hotfix.  The only way I can think of that we could validate that this is the fix is to call the endpoint using the previous version of the code (it should error) and then using the new version that was pushed into master with the PR for this bugfix.  The code c...

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe @Walter Martinez So I am able to run the API postman tests (most of them) after adjusting some of the environment variables, but I presume that we won't really know if this fixes the issue until deployment? Is there some other way I should be validating it?

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> Tested the following endpoint:
> https://dev-api.buildontechnologies.com/vds/qa/sessions/7bbf2067-13c7-4a32-922a-5b412ef12742/selections
>  
> 
> Getting the following as response body:

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Walter Martinez, @Victor Monterrey, @Jennifer Hickey  I have linked the Postman collection for the integration API.  To test, call the endpoint shown in the screenshot below and verify that the previous error is resolved and that the endpoint returns the expected result.  You just need a session ID corresponding to a contracted homebuyer session with some selections made.  Let me know if you have any additional questions on this.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Joe Ebeling Effort: 1; Changing status to Ready for Testing as soon as the main build completes.  PR has been completed.  Changing status.

> **Joe Ebeling** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe : what is he effort for this item, and should this state be updated since you have done work and have a possible solution?

> **Joe Ebeling** _
> 
> From: Roger Wang <RogerW@buildontechnologies.com>
> 
> Sent: Tuesday, October 15, 2024 1:46 PM
> To: Robert Hobbs <roberth@buildontechnologies.com>;
> Daniel Arwe <daniela@buildontechnologies.com>;
> Reid Wilson <reidw@buildontechnologies.com>;
> Justin Pope <justinpo@buildontechnologies.com>
> Cc: Andrew Fry <Andrewf@buildontechnologies.com>;
> Eric Hickey <erich@buildontechnologies.com>;
> Jennifer Hickey <jhickey@buildontechnologies.com>
> Subject: RE: VDS Deployment 10.14.2024 
>   
> There is one endpoint in
> Integration API that gets detailed selections for a session, which calls
> Echelon API to get option codes....

---

