# Sprint: Work Nov-2024-B

**Dates:** 2024-11-20 → 2024-12-03
**Items:** 51 total (6 stories, 3 bugs, 42 tasks)

**Completion:** 49 / 51 done

---

## Stories (Product Backlog Items)

### [18589] Release 11/25

**State:** Done | **Priority:** 3

---

### [18590] Test in Staging

**State:** Done | **Priority:** 3

**Child Tasks (2):**

- [19080] (Done) @WalterMartinez Test in Staging
- [19081] (Done) @JenniferHickey Test in Staging

---

### [18687] Branding Theme Configuration - Edit & Save Variables for theme

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Daniel Arwe | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** branding

**Description:**

In this work item, we modify the Theme Configuration view to support editing and saving theme variables.  

 
 

 

 

 

 
May be useful as inspiration for both a history button for theme changes and editing / saving a theme:  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
You may want to refer also to this work item (in process) for some ideas I have about future qualities of this editor:  
https://dev.azure.com/BuildOnTechnologies/VeoDesignStudio/_workitems/edit/18689

**Acceptance Criteria:**

Given that themes can be stored in the database with variables in some form,  
 and the feature flag: "VDS uses DB themes (dev)" is enabled,   
(QA NOTE: The flag will not interfere in the permission to access this section) -W
 
and the user in VEO Admin has the permission: Can Configure Themes allowed 
 

 
Structure 
if we do not already have it, define a structure for storing the global list of variables   
Name (readable)   
CssName  
Description (future)   
 we may also need a structure to define alias variables that are specific to a theme   
 Update Theme Configuration View 
modify the theme configuration view  
keep the list of themes at the top of the view as a selector  
note - later we will transform this into a table view on a preceding step similar to vis programs   
 Variables tab  
Images tab  
Video tab (empty)  
 move the existing images editing into the Images tab  
 Display Variables  
in the Variables tab:  
display a list of all variables (ThemeVariables)  
sort by...

**Child Tasks (10):**

- [19090] (Done) @WalterMartinez Write QA Tests
- [19091] (Done) @WalterMartinez Execute QA Tests
- [19092] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [19118] (Done) @DanielArwe Dev. discovery & planning
- [19119] (Done) @DanielArwe Developer Pow-Wow to discuss initial plan
- [19120] (Done) @DanielArwe Prestory meeting
- [19121] (Done) @DanielArwe Build the backend
- [19122] (Done) @DanielArwe Build the frontend
- [19123] (Done) @DanielArwe Developer testing
- [19124] (Done) @DanielArwe PR Review Changes

**Comments (7):**

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
>  
> 
> The new UI is now as expected.  
> The theme variables are displayed correctly, also values are as expected considering the reference to other values. 
> There was no validation testing on any input fields, so users can type or leave them blank.  
> Also, the mechanism of undo values / resetting to default works as intended.  
>  
>  
>  
> See attached video for a quick view.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Jennifer Hickey @Walter Martinez @Robert Hobbs @Joe Ebeling Shortcuts are on hold for this story, in order to keep a handle on the scope creep.  Also, the nifty color badges I showed Rob, Walter, @Charlie Bradley III , @Justin Pope, and @Reid Wilson yesterday are being hidden for now, since I didn't want to sink any more time into those at the expense of the story carrying.  So, I shifted focus to MVP at this time.
> 
> Video of what I have here:  https://eplanpartners.slack.com/files/U05EAJBRBQ9/F082NFAS8KW/sign_in___veo_admin_and_1_more_page_-_work_-_microsoft____edge_2024-11-26_12-39-25.mp4

> **Joe Ebeling** _
> 
> As per discussion.  cc @Eric Hickey

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe @Walter Martinez @Robert Hobbs @Joe Ebeling 
> I'm concerned about our ability to meet our sprint commitment and wanted to outline my thoughts.
> 
> This story has scope creep. We tend to only think of scope creep as something developers have to manage to prevent their development efforts from being derailed, but scope creep is an unexpected and added burden to QA's function as well. Scope creep impacts development (coding and testing) time needed for a story and introduces risk in a story not finishing primary development. We fail to recongize that scope creep, weather requested by QA,...

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe @Walter Martinez @Joe Ebeling
> Implementation decisions QA will need to know prior to PR:screenshots/demo of UI for "pre-test"
> user workflow to enter edit mode, make edits, exit edit mode?
> 
> What text, if any, will appear in video tab to alert user it is still being developed
> In text editor, what is max char length? What happens if exceeded?
> mechanism that will show the default variable is being used
> mechanism to differentiate the default, edited default, theme specific

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> Developer Collab. Notes:
> 
> @Reid Wilson, @Justin Pope.....My early thoughts on the backend design/architecture.  Haven't worked out every little detail, obviously, but this is a good start.  Open to feedback. Thanks!
> 
> Backend Design
> 
> Endpoints:
> UpdateThemeVariableValues
> Takes theme lookup key and list of variable value update DTOs
> Returns a response object containing information about which variable values were updated and which were inserted
> All possible, non-theme-specific theme variables would have values, either
> Default theme values OR
> Theme specific values (where default values are overrid...

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> Prestory meeting questions:
> 
>  Any need for error messaging at this point, other than maybe "something went wrong and your stuff didn't save"?  I'm thinking we build in more robust messaging later, or better client-side validation to prevent most (if not all) possible user mistakes.

---

### [18924] Sales Scheduler - hide buyer dashboard toggle

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** sales scheduling

**Description:**

Currently if buyer experience is turned off, the sales counselor (scheduling only) can see the old homebuyer dashboard toggle. This is problematic since if they happen have this role it means that buyers should not be in the system.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

Given that a builder has the feature flag: "Disallow HB Access" enabled (i.e., no buyers can login)  
and the flag for "Buyer Experience" is disabled...  
the old dashboard toggle for the homebuyer is not visible

**Child Tasks (6):**

- [19096] (Done) @WalterMartinez Write QA Tests
- [19097] (Done) @WalterMartinez Execute QA Test
- [19098] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [19115] (Done) @ReidWilson Apply additional logic to the visibility of the element
- [19116] (Done) @ReidWilson Pre-story meeting
- [19117] (Done) @ReidWilson PR Review

**Comments (2):**

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> Validate that the old dashboard toggle for the homebuyer is not visible when 'Disallow HB Access' flag is ON and 'Buyer experience' flag is OFF and when the 'Buyer experience' is ON.  
> 
>  
> 
> Validate that when both flags are off is the only combination that will show the old toggle.

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Walter Martinez 
> 
> Hi Walter! Sorry you missed the pre-story meeting. Rob and I ended up doing it without you. But I am updating you on everything here. In fact, there is not much to update you on anyways considering the small size of this story.
> 
> The use case and AC seem very straightforward. We could not envision any edge cases that would cause us to deviate from the AC. One thing not explicitly mentioned in the story is the existing logic to determine the visibility of this legacy toggle switch. That existing logic is this: it will appear if the logged in user is impersonating a homebuyer a...

---

### [19078] Design: nested categories in nav menu

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Charlie Bradley | **Priority:** 3 | **Tags:** design; enhanced categories; No QA; UI/UX

**Description:**

The enhanced categories feature will allow customers to define nested categories that exceed 2 levels deep. This presents some challenges for how the navigational component would work given the width constraint on the panel.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

provide wireframe mockups showcasing solutions to the nested categories problem and how a user would use it to make selections  
these solutions should be low-fidelity and highlight the interaction / user workflow more than refined mockups  
 existing data elements should be preserved (somehow)  
category names  
total selections (amounts) for a category  
monthly payments

**Child Tasks (4):**

- [19095] (Done) @CharlieBradley Research and Planning
- [19103] (Done) @CharlieBradley Design Low-Fi Screen Mockups
- [19104] (Done) @CharlieBradley Create Process Flow Interactions
- [19106] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Reveiw

**Comments (4):**

> **Charlie Bradley** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs I updated the prototype, yes it is a little more high fidelity than what you originally request but I had time so it give it a bit more polish. The categories have subheads as you drill down and once items are added the totals will appear. Please watch the attached video and clickthrough the prototype. I have you any more questions or changes, let me know.
> 
> https://www.figma.com/proto/70hWBkBqgSGeFO3RQsC7Sk/Nested-Menu-Navigation?node-id=2-72&node-type=frame&t=H2p95NRJP2ndeJFF-1&scaling=scale-down&content-scaling=fixed&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=2%3A72

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Charlie Bradley III hey Charlie, some feedback on the design. 
> is there more than one or just one? 
> it seems fairly high fidelity
> 
> In this first panel: 
> 
> There are no category level selection totals displayed. Check option pricing to see how that should appear. 
> 
> The nesting level 1 seems ok, though when we enter this next level we have now lost the context that we are in Appliances. This seems to be true as we drill down each level.

> **Charlie Bradley** _
> 
> The video clickthrough of the prototype is also attached to the story.

> **Charlie Bradley** _
> 
> Here is the link to my clickable prototype:
> https://www.figma.com/proto/70hWBkBqgSGeFO3RQsC7Sk/Nested-Menu-Navigation?node-id=2-72&node-type=frame&t=XfubLokhRyUiNKbh-1&scaling=scale-down&content-scaling=fixed&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=2%3A72

---

### [19082] Expand value_id field in VEO databases

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** hotfix

**Description:**

A field in Echelon was expanded and VEO is out of sync and it's breaking the data sync.  

 
table: products_attributes_values.value_id  

 
The echelon database increased this field to 50  
VEO still has it as 20

**Acceptance Criteria:**

Research the implication
     of increasing the column length 
do we use it anywhere? if so where?  
check that it won't break session snapshots (for example)  
 Write a script to increase the field size in dev and production  
Run the script in dev and production VEO databases

**Child Tasks (8):**

- [19089] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [19105] (Done) @ReidWilson Pre-story meeting
- [19107] (Done) @ReidWilson Fix the column spec
- [19108] (Done) @ReidWilson Inspect and fix any related problems
- [19109] (Done) @ReidWilson Possible PR Review
- [19133] (Done) @JenniferHickey Write QA Tests
- [19135] (Done) @ReidWilson provide some data-sync process documentation to QA
- [19136] (Done) @JenniferHickey Create data-sync documentation in WIKI

**Comments (6):**

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Jennifer Hickey @Walter Martinez 
> 
> Regarding a video of performing a live Data Sync, I have attached one to the story. It is possible that not everything in the video is self-explanatory, so I recommend watching the video first, and I will address below some questions I can envision someone asking. As always, I am available for any further questions. Note that this is a staged video. One other reason why I didn't initially provide a live video is that it would not have been concise (as I was doing other operations like testing in the middle of it) and the video would have been like an hour lo...

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson @Jennifer Hickey @Walter Martinez 
> 
> So in terms of validation: 
> Andy has confirmed that the datasync works properly in production. This means we resolved the original problem.
> 
> I am able to view attributes on many items that appear in the image details dialog. I am including a few screen shots: 
>  
> 
> Verifying that expanding value_id would not have an image on this dialog is a bit more difficult to do. In testing in QA, I found a part that has the following dialog: 
> 
> However, if I locate this product_attribute_values record with the color family attribute like so: 
> 
> ...and I update ...

> **Joe Ebeling** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs to take the action to validate successful in production.

> **Eric Hickey** _
> 
> @ @ @ @ 
> All,
> While I am very grateful that we were able to learn about new areas of the application and get a problem in production resolved in short order.  This is definitely a win.
> 
> However, I feel that we have missed a very large opportunity: Teamwork and Team Communication.
> 
> Lots of tasks and a plan came out of the pre-planning meeting, and I don't think many of them were actually completed and the plan was not followed.  More to the point, members of the plan were not in the loop at all as to the progression of the work.  This is antithetical to the level of team mentality that I'm tryi...

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Jennifer Hickey @Walter Martinez @Eric Hickey 
> 
> I wrote a script to increase the field size of the target column from VARCHAR(20) to VARCHAR(50). It is attached to the story. No one should have to run it though. I have already run it successfully in VEO_DEV, VEO_QA, VEO_PREVIEW, VEO_STAGING, WBS_STAGING, VEO, AFI_VEO, EPLAN_VEO, and CCDI_VEO.
> 
> I performed a DataSync from WBS_STAGING to VEO_DEV, VEO_QA, VEO_PREVIEW, and VEO_STAGING for the products_attributes_values table. There were 0 records in the destination tables before but now there are 2530 in each.
> 
> I tested briefly in t...

> **Joe Ebeling** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs: what is the 'fun' tag?   cc: @Reid Wilson

---

## Bugs

### [5674] Bug: Feature Flag ON, Compare misbehaving for stack level missing image items

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 3 | **Tags:** added

**Repro Steps:**

When a is in DMH and tried to compare products, any product with a stack level missing image will appear to NOT select when it really is selected and can only be removed from selected in the Product Comparison dialog. See attached video for behavior.
 

 
 
When an item with an image or an item with a GPC missing image is selected, comparison works as expected. 

 
Rob's comment in slack: Ok. so that means when we did stack level missing image we just failed to account for that in the comparison tool

**Child Tasks (4):**

- [6088] (To Do) @JenniferHickey no test case needed 
- [6089] (To Do) execute QA tests
- [19173] (Done) @ReidWilson Fix the bug
- [19174] (Done) @ReidWilson PR Review

**Comments (2):**

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
>  
> 
>  
> Tested by selecting up to four items with no image and having the organization not set a missing image (using a stack level missing image).  
> Tested by selecting up to four items with no image and having the organization set a missing image (using a Organization level missing image).  
> Additionally, for both scenarios mentioned above, the combination of items with images was also tested.
>  
>  
>  
>  
> PFA two scnarios. 
> ol-missingimage: for Organization Level missing image set. 
> sl-missingimage: for Stack Level missing image.

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Walter Martinez @Jennifer Hickey 
> 
> Hi all,
> 
> I have fixed the bug! It is a rather straightforward fix, so I don't have too much to explain here. However, one important thing to note is that I was actually able to reproduce the same issue with organization missing images as well. So it did not matter if the missing image was stack-level or organization-level. My fix also works both ways. That is all. Happy testing!
> 
> Reid Wilson

---

### [18421] Dashboard not respecting stack default background

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 2

**Repro Steps:**

This is an unusual bug in that we have functionality which tries to act according to the environment (stack) it is in but does not work. 
DO NOT TRY TO REPRODUCE THIS IN PROD (if not at deployment)! Just trust that Rob and Reid reproduced it during deployment. 

 
Navigate to VEO Admin for either the AFI or EPLAN stack. 
Remove any dashboard theme images under the default theme. 
Navigate to VDS main, ensuring the default theme is active. 
 Expected result: the background image(s) are the ones corresponding to the stack you chose 
Actual result: the background images are the ones belonging to the WBS stack

**Child Tasks (4):**

- [19130] (Done) @ReidWilson Fix the bug
- [19131] (Done) @ReidWilson PR Review
- [19137] (Done) @WalterMartinez QA Confirmation test
- [19183] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review

**Comments (4):**

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> We were able to test this bug with Reid's help. He set a new stack default background image. And I used a theme (default) with no background image set. Therefore, the stack-level image was displayed.

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey @Jennifer Hickey @Walter Martinez @Robert Hobbs @Joe Ebeling
> 
> I am sensing a need to recap absolutely everything about this work item, so allow me to do that now.
> 
> The bug was identified during deployment by Rob and Reid on October 14th. However, they produced a workaround to suffice until the bug could be fixed at its source.
> 
> Allow me to explain the existing functionality. The stack default background image(s) are set according to the hostname of the URL. For example, it is veodesignstudio.com for the WBS stack and myveodesignstudio.com for the EPLAN stack. But the non-prod envi...

> **Eric Hickey** _
> 
> @ @ @ @ @
> **Ok, hold on.**  I feel like there's a LOT of information being swept under the rug here.
> - Why can this not be tested in production?
> - Is it reproducable anywhere else?
> - How did we get to the point that QA feels the need to dismiss testing the bug outright?
> 
> This feels like an enormous breakdown in communication.  Clarifications are needed (for me, here), such that I understand how we are going to get back to the point where the _team_ has a plan to proceed and the quality of the application is not in jeopardy or relying on trust.

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey @Walter Martinez @Robert Hobbs @Reid Wilson @Joe Ebeling 
> Documenting testing expectations for the team here. This bug has been tested locally by Reid. Per Reid, it can go straight to production with no further testing needed. QA will assume, without further discussion, that no QA testing is needed and this will be tested once live in prod. QA recommends a roll-back plan be documented here to mitigate the risk in production.

---

### [19191] Production: Flintrock theme issue

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** added; branding; deployed 12/4/2024; hotfix

**Repro Steps:**

I logged into VDS and chose a builder with the taylor morrison theme.  
In production I set Pipedream builders (test builder) to use Flintrock.  
I then refreshed and logged in to VDS again and changed my current builder to Flintrock.  

 
Issue: rather than switch themes, the system stays displaying the taylor morrison theme.  

 
2 bugs in this work item: 
The main one is what was reported here. There was an issue in Flintrock theme only where one of its variable overrides was referencing a variable that it itself did not override but was declared in the default theme. This is totally legal. It's just a bit surprising that the other themes haven't done that yet, and also that we apparently haven't used Flintrock theme in a bit to find this issue. But I made a code change to account for this, so now Flintrock theme should be applied just fine. 
  
The second bug - 2 organizations have different themes and both have the DB Themes flag turned ON. If you are in the first org without havi...

**Child Tasks (4):**

- [19192] (Done) @ReidWilson Fix issue #1
- [19193] (Done) @ReidWilson Fix issue #2
- [19194] (Done) @ReidWilson PR Review
- [19199] (Done) @ReidWilson Defect: deployment clearing ThemeVariableValue

**Comments (6):**

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> For Bug #3
> Before deploying to QA, I saw that one of my previously used themes Waltest had 8 records on dbo.ThemeVariableValue.
> After deploying to QA, the same records persisted on this theme: 
> 
> Same tested for default having 228/228 records after deploying.

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> For Bug #2 
> 
> Set TM theme to Non-Staggered-QA
> 
> Set Flintrock theme to Staggered-QA 
> 
> Log in to Org A (Non-Staggered) Initial theme is TM: 
> 
> When logging in to Org B (Staggered) it is displaying the correct theme, and it is not using the previous one.

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed!  
> 
> For Bug #1. 
> The themes were applied correctly. I tested with users that belonged to that organization and for impersonating users. 
> Here are some screenshots. 
> 
> First, this is the Staggered-QA Organization which was set to use 'Flintrock' theme. 
> 
> When impersonating, it showed the correct theme. 
> 
> When logging in as a user that belongs to that organization, the app also showed the correct theme.  
> 
> Then, Taylor Morrison - Houston was set TM theme. 
> 
> When logging in as a user that belongs to that organization, it also showed the correct theme. 
> 
> When impersonating,...

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Walter Martinez @Jennifer Hickey @Robert Hobbs 
> 
> Hello all.
> 
> Jennifer, thank you for updating the story with the information I provided in Slack at the end of yesterday. I appreciate that. It all looks good, except...
> 
> There is one small thing that needs adjustment. In the "How to test bug #2", the current steps instruct to log out and log back in. We do not want to do that for testing bug #2. You must directly switch from org1 to org2 without logging out. That will test the bug. And additionally, ensure that the theme of org2 was not used on the sign-in page (it can be any other theme).
> 
> I c...

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> To Test Bug #1:
> Set non-staggered to TM 
> Set Staggered to Flintrock 
> In VDS, go to Non-staggered. Should be TM theme. 
> Log out. Log back in. Go to Staggered. Should be Flintrock Theme.

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Walter Martinez I added the description of the 2nd bug above so it can be tested when the original bug is tested.

---

