# Sprint: Misc Work Nov-2024-A

**Dates:** 2024-11-06 → 2024-11-19
**Items:** 111 total (12 stories, 2 bugs, 97 tasks)

**Completion:** 110 / 111 done

---

## Stories (Product Backlog Items)

### [13196] Adjust layout of MPC dialog / view

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Charlie Bradley | **Priority:** 2 | **Tags:** design only; No QA; UI/UX

**Description:**

The Monthly Payment Calculator might benefit from a layout change to make it more intuitive. Some of the issues are:  
the first "dialog" you see when you enter is confusing. You make changes there but they aren't saved with your budget until you click Save Budget on the main view.  
The graph and save button in the center of the view feels a bit odd.  
  

 
MIRO frame: https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lcSUf8E=/?moveToWidget=3458764569538140843&cot=14 

 
We probably need to handle some minimum level of responsive design:  
Current layout when the window is narrowed:

**Acceptance Criteria:**

Produce a design (mockup)  
Given that a buyer enters the monthly payment calculator 
the layout has shifted to more closely resemble the wireframe above  
The home values are always editable rather than an "edit" button  
field level validation exists if needed (let's discuss per field)  
the editing and save feels more intuitive  
note: any changes to the basic home numbers should update the graph numbers and visual in real time (after update for a field / lost focus)

**Child Tasks (3):**

- [18794] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18800] (Done) @CharlieBradley Research and Planning
- [18801] (Done) @CharlieBradley UI Build and Design

**Comments (1):**

> **Charlie Bradley** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs Here is the link to the MPC prototype let me know if this is along the lines of what you're looking for. Thanks.
> https://www.figma.com/proto/4Agggoxv3VlbkGYMahgsGK/Monthly-Payment-Calculator-prototype?node-id=1-2&node-type=frame&t=WZCj3mHZeBWX8kOY-1&scaling=scale-down&content-scaling=fixed&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=1%3A2

---

### [16445] Enhanced Categories: Feature flag for enhanced product categories

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Justin Pope | **Priority:** 3 | **Tags:** nav menu; scripts

**Description:**

The work to support enhanced feature flags is likely to run longer than a single sprint. As such, we would want to have control over whether the system tries to use them or not. It's also useful to have a "kill switch" in case we find incompatibilities between this feature and the way the data is structured.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

Create a new feature flag that has the following characteristics:  
flag name: "Use enhanced product categories" JH change: "Use Enhanced Product Categories" 
flag description: "When on ON VDS will support enhanced category features such as: custom names, nested categories and custom sort orders."  
additionally, when this flag is on, display a banner in the nav menu in option pricing, design my home and design selections that reads: "enhanced categories (beta)"

**Child Tasks (10):**

- [18961] (Done) @WalterMartinez Write QA Tests
- [18962] (Done) @JenniferHickey Execute QA Tests
- [18963] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18965] (Done) @JustinPope Dev Discovery
- [18966] (Done) @JustinPope Dev Work
- [18967] (Done) @JustinPope PR Review
- [18992] (Done) @JustinPope PreStory Meeting
- [19010] (Done) @JustinPope PR Review
- [19050] (Done) @JustinPope Defect: Capitalization/text on Feature Flag title
- [19051] (Done) @JenniferHickey Execute QA tests 2

**Comments (4):**

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> @Jennifer Hickey,
> I have attached a script for adding the feature flag to the db.
> Also, fair warning, the theme varaible updates can only go after #17056

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> Mentioned in !6087

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Walter Martinez @Jennifer Hickey 
> Screen shots of feature:
> 
> Banner to indicate:
> Design Selections:
> 
> Design My Home:
> Rooms:
> 
> Products:
> 
> Option Pricing / Product Catalog:

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Joe Ebeling @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey @Justin Pope I changed 2 of the AC to be consistent with our current feature flags.

---

### [16490] Enhanced Product Category architecture and implementation plan

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 2 | **Tags:** Carried; design; No QA

**Description:**

There are several ways we could implement enhanced categories in VDS. We could build a new nav menu component, we could build a new [framework] component, or we could just implement enhanced categories in each layer (option pricing, dmh, design selections, reports) differently.  

 
Link to spike story: https://dev.azure.com/BuildOnTechnologies/VeoDesignStudio/_workitems/edit/15023

**Acceptance Criteria:**

review the work done in the categories spike  
make decisions around the best implementation path for this feature  
meet with the PO to discuss the decisions so the PO can update the work items appropriately

**Child Tasks (2):**

- [18037] (Done) @ReidWilson Form a plan
- [18557] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review

**Comments (2):**

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson thanks for assembling this. From my pov, I think we need a work item to refactor selection to use a category id that corresponds to the lowest level of organization based on nesting depth. Another notion I had from your notes is whether it is feasible to support categories beyond 3 levels with a novel UI that increases depth but maintains the ability to easily go back up in the structure via navigational elements rather than trying to truncate or resize fonts etc.

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> Enhanced Product Categories: Architecture and Implementation Plan
> 
>  Roger produced a spike on this subject
> the branch is rogerw/15023/category_sorting_spike
> the branch can be compared to the closest release branch (6/10/24) to see what changes Roger actually made
> Roger did not make a single reusable nav menu component; rather, he made changes in option pricing, design selections, and design my home
> in each location, he modified the nav menu to get all of this working
> the categories can infinitely nest
> the categories can be given custom names from within VCMS
> the categories can be given custom ...

---

### [17056] VDS uses themes stored in DB

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** branding; scripts

**Description:**

Themes are an impressive feature in VEO Design Studio. However, they are still a bit laborious to create and maintain. One of the challenges is that the variables supported in each theme is not consistent. Also, right now a dev must develop the theme. Additionally changes to a theme's values requires a deployment.  

 
It would be a big improvement to be able to edit themes in VEO Admin.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

Create a new feature flag called: "VDS uses DB themes (dev)" "VDS Uses DB Themes (dev)" 
Description: "When ON VDS will use themes defined in the database instead of theme files." (JH removed comma after ON) 

 
define a set of database structures to model themes 
can be elaborate or simple in order to accomplish the work  
describe the structure in the work item notes and indicate tables  
 author a db script that will define and/or update a theme in the database  
can be used to create a theme and/or adjust a theme for validation / testing purposes 
 given that the feature flag above is on, VDS will use the data defined in the db theme to style the ux  
if the flag is off, then VDS will use the theme defined in the file system (status quo) 
  
 
Extra decisions and clarifications from pre-story meeting: 
edge case: the user lands on the sign-in page and we have no value to use for the feature flag because no organization has been set yet 
solution: simply act like the feature flag is...

**Child Tasks (11):**

- [18785] (Done) @WalterMartinez Write QA Tests (Test Strategy)
- [18786] (Done) @WalterMartinez Execute QA Tests
- [18787] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18822] (Done) @ReidWilson Create new feature flag
- [18823] (Done) @ReidWilson Create DB structures
- [18824] (Done) @ReidWilson Code back-end
- [18825] (Done) @ReidWilson Create unit tests
- [18826] (Done) @ReidWilson Code front-end
- [18827] (Done) @ReidWilson Create DB script
- [18828] (Done) @ReidWilson PR Review
- [18829] (Done) @ReidWilson Pre-story meeting

**Comments (5):**

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> Feature Flag is created
> Created a new theme. 
> Validated that once it is used but nothing is overridden, it uses the default theme. 
> DB changes are not visible on the login page.

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Walter Martinez @Jennifer Hickey @Robert Hobbs 
> 
> Here are some recommendations for variable testing. I will give you the cssName and a description of what it will affect (possibly using default theme as a reference point). I may add a screenshot for aid.
> 
> btn-primary: the main green button
> btn-primary-hover: the main green button but only on hover
> btn-secondary: the secondary blue button
> btn-secondary-hover: the secondary blue button but only on hover
> text-copyright: the color of the copyright text in the app footer (seen in demo video)
> text-primary: it's hard for me to say what exactly gets ...

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Walter Martinez @Jennifer Hickey @Robert Hobbs 
> 
> I had a one-on-one help session with Walter, teaching him exactly how to update things, but here is a reduced, printed version of the teachings. Walter: there should be no new information for you here, but of course, you can use this to refer back to.
> 
> We have 2 new tables: ThemeVariable and ThemeVariableValue. You can inspect the schema for yourself.
> 
> The ThemeVariable table gets populated from StaticData, so in non-prod environments, you do not have to run anything, but in prod environments, you do. The records in here represent a CSS variabl...

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> Test cases were updated!

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> Other Ideas (future work)... 
> 
> when a theme is selected, the user sees a list of organizations currently using the theme  - FUTURE STORY   
> be able to rollback to other versions - FUTURE STORY  
> how could we preview the theme? - FUTURE STORY   
> do we need a description for each variable so they know what they are affecting in the site? will the variable names be explicit enough?  
> question: are changes instantly affecting user's theme or do they need to be staged -> activated at a specific date/time? i.e., future dated  
> indicate variables that exist in the global list, but are undefined in th...

---

### [17656] Scheduler: fix buyer note for provisional appointment

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Justin Pope | **Priority:** 3 | **Tags:** sales scheduling; scripts

**Description:**

When a user creates a Provisional appointment, we want the buyer note record to indicate that rather than appearing as a regular

**Acceptance Criteria:**

Given that a provisional appointment is created by a user in the VEO Scheduler:  

 
the buyer note indicates that the appt is "provisional" clearly  
address the annoying typo with "Scheduled2nd" in the existing scheduling appointment (a problem with the ordinals)  
also the reschedule please

**Child Tasks (7):**

- [18791] (Done) @VictorMonterrey Write QA Tests
- [18792] (Done) @WalterMartinez Execute QA Tests
- [18793] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18814] (Done) @JustinPope Code Discovery
- [18815] (Done) @JustinPope Development
- [18816] (Done) @JustinPope Dev Test
- [18817] (Done) @JustinPope Pre-Story Meeting

**Comments (2):**

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> Here's a list of more notes.

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey @Jennifer Hickey
> 
> Discovery task I found that these messages are being controlled via the scalar value function ef_selSchedulingAppointmentSystemNote.
> I have attached the deployment script, testing script, and testing results to this story.
> Since there is nothing to PR I am moving to testing.
> Also I have made the changes to VeoSolutions_DEV, VeoSolutions_QA, and VeoSolutions_Preview.

---

### [17743] Session Completion: Upgrade to interim version of domain eventing package

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Daniel Arwe | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** domain eventing; integration

**Description:**

The Integrations team will be updating the domain eventing package in order to support the delivery of messages to an additional, alternate location.  This will require that we update our configuration to be able to specify the actual location for that particular environment. 

 
Once this is achieved, the Integration team will be able to capture messages to start their development efforts in the integration application.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

When there is an update to the Domain Eventing Package that supports an additional destination 
Then the package that VDS references should be updated 

 
Given that the package is available 
When VDS has been updated to that new version 
Then all of the devops libraries should be updated with relevant values for each particular environment 

 
Given that a version of VDS with the updated package is deployed to an environment 
When a session is completed 
And the enabled flag is ON for domain eventing 
Then the event for that completion should be delivered to 
Azure Service Bus 
Relevant Integration Application desitination 
  

 
Given that a version of VDS with the updated package is deployed to an environment 
When a session is completed 
And the enabled flag is OFF for domain eventing 
Then the event for that completion should not be delivered to 
Azure Service Bus 
Relevant Integration Application destination 
 
 
Given that a session is available for completion 
And the enabled f...

**Child Tasks (9):**

- [18788] (Done) @WalterMartinez Write QA Tests
- [18789] (Done) @WalterMartinez Execute QA Tests
- [18790] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18802] (Done) @DanielArwe Investigate to determine changes needed
- [18803] (Done) @DanielArwe VDS changes to reference new version of Domain Eventing Package
- [18807] (Done) @DanielArwe Devops libraries updated with relevant values pointing to Domain Eventing Package version
- [18809] (Done) @DanielArwe Event log event
- [18810] (Done) @DanielArwe Collab. with EH and AF as needed to clarify requirements
- [18947] (Done) @DanielArwe Get access to Azure Service Bus event queue

**Comments (25):**

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe I presume this means it worked...

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs, here is a link to the video hosted in Slack:
> 
> https://eplanpartners.slack.com/files/U05EAJBRBQ9/F0810PKFDJ9/checking_azure_service_bus_queue_for_session_completion_event_messages.mp4

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs Posted info. requested to Slack as the video was too large to link to the story in ADO.

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe can you link the video you mentioned to access the service bus? also does it include a mechanism for checking the message posted to domain eventing?

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> Tested over 4 different ways to mark a session as completed. 
> From the Homebuyer Summary.
> From Today's Appointments.
> From Session Info (Design Selections)
> From Incomplete Sessions. 
> Tested updating the status to 'Completed' and then switching it back to its initial status and then marking it as 'Complete' again.
> 
> DomainEventingEnabled = true 
> 
> From Homebuyer Summary: 
> Checking the message on the integrations app. 
> 
> Checking the message on the Service bus. 
> 
> Setting the session back to 'Active' and then back to 'Complete'. Checking the message in the Integrations App...

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Walter Martinez, @Jennifer Hickey I will post a video for y'all in Slack on how to access the Azure Service Bus message queue and verify receipt of messages there.  The video file was too big to link to the story.

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> Test cases updated with the last information based on Daniel's input. Thanks, Dan!

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Jennifer Hickey, @Walter Martinez, @Victor Monterrey 
> 
> I noticed your questions on the 2 test cases and thought I would try to answer them here.  Please let me know if you need further clarification....
> 
> I am in the process of gaining access to Azure Service Bus message queue.  I have a meeting with Andy in the morning to go over this, at which time I will provide additional information on how to check messages received there.
> 
> The DomainEventingEnabled flag here is the flag referred to the in AC.  It is not referring to a feature flag.  To toggle it on and off, you'll need to go into Pipelin...

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe yep seems like we should log it. I would do it from the backend if that's the better approach code-wise.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs After a bit more digging, I learned that the session, status_change event wasn't getting logged when changing the session status from the Homebuyer Summary here....
> 
> It only gets logged when changing session status via this UI path:
> 
> In my opinion, the best fix for this would be to log the event for a session status change from the backend, since both locations in the frontend application call the same endpoint to set the session status.  However, this will likely add a few more hours to the story (hopefully, I could implement this change by EOD today or early tomorrow at the lat...

> **Eric Hickey** _
> 
> @ @ @ 
> What if we also include "StatusName" or "StatusDescription" that could contain something human-friendly?
> 
> otherwise, let's see how it looks in the event log and see if it has enough information.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey @Robert Hobbs As far as the VDS Event Log event recorded, we already have the following event type...
> 
> category: 'session',
> action: 'status_change',
> 
> I don't love the fact that we are logging a number for StatusID, rather than a string ('active', 'complete', etc.), due to reduced human-readability, but that is the structure as it is defined currently.  Will this existing event suffice for recording the session completion event as it pertains to the requirements of this story, or do we need a new event?

> **Eric Hickey** _
> 
> @ @ @ 
> I very likely did discuss it and I totally forgot (I should have updated the text above).  We can skip it and deal with it at some point in the future.

> **Andrew Fry** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe @Eric Hickey @Robert Hobbs I thought we discussed this during sizing and decided against adding this feature. We spoke a lot about what makes a message unique. I don't think adding an extra identifier would be beneficial now. If we are adding that concept, I would like it to be more fully baked into the full integration system. Should we have a conversation?

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs, It looks like, currently, we don't have a specific event recorded in the VDS Event Log on session completion.  Closest thing we have is an event for the selections report auto-generation....
> 
> If we add another event, what category and action strings do you want logged, and what do you want in the JSON data?
> 
> @Eric Hickey, to answer your concern about size implications (assuming you mean time and effort added to the story), I don't anticipate this change adding many points to story.  It's already a 5 and so far I am on pace to come in well under that threshold.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey @Andrew Fry @Robert Hobbs Andy, I assume this would require a new verson of the domain eventing package to be pushed to the Nuget feed, implementing this additional property on the SessionCompletedEvent class, correct?  If that's true, how long would that take to get implemented and pushed out?
> 
> So far, I have VDS code changes in place that fulfill all of the requirements of the AC except that EventId.  End of the current sprint for VDS is Tuesday, November 19, but QA would need a bit of buffer to get the story tested before we release it.

> **Eric Hickey** _
> 
> @ @ @ 
> If we do this, VDS would be the party responsible for creating the event Id.
> 
> Here's the conceptual idea:
> If a session is completed, and vds delivers a message "somewhere".  If that message fails, and a copy of the message exists "somewhere", we could resubmit it.  However, technically we could resubmit it 1000 times.  The event Id would provide the ability to track if that particular message has already been processed, although nothing exists today to leverage it.  This event id is intended to uniquely represent _this particular event_.  Logically: This moment in time where a user has ...

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Andrew Fry, @Eric Hickey, @Robert Hobbs 
> For the EPH NOTES highlighted in the AC, how do we want to implement this?  I was thinking this could happen one of a few ways:
> 
>  Change the SessionCompletedEvent to include another property (maybe 'MessageSendEventId' (GUID)?), allowing VDS to generate and set it on the SessionCompletedEvent that it passes to SendSessionCompletedEvent OR pass another parameter (messageSendEventId)  to SendSessionCompletedEvent for the eventing package code to handle internally and attach to each event, in both destinations.
> 
> Have the eventing package code generate Mes...

> **Eric Hickey** _
> 
> @ The intention was the vds event log.  the one that is available on the site.  Not a developer logging system.  However, there may already be an event for this.  If there is not, then we should probably have a discussion about the size implications of this before we commit to it completely.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Andrew Fry please disregard my question earlier about version numbers for the new package.  I found that information in the ADO Feature this story is linked to.  Apologies for the confusion on my part.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey For the part of the AC that talks about recording an event, "in the event log," is this referring to the event log that is accessible in VEO Admin, or where the vdsLogger logs errors, like in the screenshot below, and the occasional information message?

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Andrew Fry...I am beginning work on this story.  It looks as if the existing version number for the Nuget package is 2.1.1.  Is that correct?  What is the new version number that VDS should be referencing for this package?
> 
> @Robert Hobbs@Eric Hickey

> **Eric Hickey** _
> 
> @ @ there is a lower environment of the integration application.  Indago uses it all of the time.  The package is just a nuget package that we wrote; it's just a library.  We also reprocess messages in indago, so that capability will exist for the session messages.  And we discover the failures through logging.

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey @Andrew Fry Is there a plan or capability to (re) process sessions if we discover a failure in production once the switch over has happened? I presume there is error reporting / logging as part of the new service?

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Eric Hickey @Andrew Fry I presume that there will exist a dev/qa version of this domain eventing package in terms of hosting (I guess) that we can use from our lower environments to validate? Also, my presumption is that since the functionality (output) is not changing that all of the work for the eventing package would be done and validated by the integrations team before this comes to a VDS sprint?

---

### [18399] Research: bom pricing / repricing logic and documentation 

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Daniel Arwe | **Priority:** 2 | **Tags:** added; May Carry; No QA

**Description:**

Echelon wants to make a change to the way they can price certain items. This change is to "flat rate" some items regardless of bill quantities.  

 
VDS may or may not really support this kind of change. This work item is to do some research into how VDS reprices boms as the Designer makes selections.  

 

 
The question arose in cabinets for hardware - why do these have a flat rate price indicated even though it appears they are using the quantities x unit price to calculate?

**Acceptance Criteria:**

document the behavior in the code to fetch prices for items directly from Echelon (not via the snapshot)  
this should include when a bom is repriced, what triggers it etc.  
document the actual calls so we can identify what needs to change  
 attempt to explain why the row above shows flat rate when it is calculating the pricing using quantity  
speculate on whether we could (and when) make a call to Echelon to ask it to reprice the bom lines instead of having repricing logic in VDS

**Child Tasks (7):**

- [18651] (Done) @DanielArwe Get lay of the land
- [18652] (Done) @DanielArwe Document price fetching logic (directly from Echelon; not snapshot)
- [18653] (Done) @DanielArwe Indentify why "flat rate" is displayed when pricing uses quantity
- [18654] (Done) @DanielArwe Speculate on call to reprice via Echelon API, rather than in VDS
- [18655] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18916] (Done) @DanielArwe Schedule meeting with VDS and Echelon stakeholders (Daniel, Rob, Roger, Cindy) to discuss implementation approach and steps
- [18919] (Done) @DanielArwe Feedback from Roger

**Comments (4):**

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> While I was unable to reproduce the "flat rate" scenario described above in the lower environments, I was able to do so in the WBS production stack.  Forcing a reprice did not change this.  I still don't know the "why" behind this, but at least we can see where it is happening.  If we need to dig deeper into determining a cause, we may need to point local development environment at production and set some breakpoints.  I am back burner-ing this at the moment, per @Robert Hobbs, in favor of moving forward on discussions with the Echelon team (preliminary phase is a review of the associated wiki...

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs Here is a wiki I created documenting my findings:
> 
> https://dev.azure.com/BuildOnTechnologies/VeoDesignStudio/_wiki/wikis/VeoDesignStudio/2635/18399-Research-BOM-Pricing-Repricing-Logic-Documentation

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe hey Daniel, when we talk about snapshot we are talking about all the tables that comprise the session object. Reprice is a generic term that happens in a few ways: 
> an area is fully selected in design selections and there is a "reprice" (looks like refresh button) 
> when a tile pattern is selected and the bom changes the pricing is reworked 
> when refresh session is run and aspects of the session snapshot are updated with new data from Echelon (or veo) 
> In terms of tracking down all the tables involved, there is a stored proc that creates a session that may be useful as a starting p...

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs, when we talk about the snapshot in the AC, are we talking about the data in the VEO database that is copied from WBS_Staging, via DataSync?  I didn't think so, but if this is not the case, when we snapshot Echelon data for the purpose of determining prices as the designer makes selections, where does that snapshot get stored?
> 
> Also, when we talk about a BOM lines getting repriced, is the act of repricing essentially saying, "Don't use the snapshotted price for these BOM lines, but instead, go and fetch the latest live pricing data from Echelon."?

---

### [18448] Implement Sales Scheduling legacy role in VDS

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Reid Wilson | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** Carried; creep; deployed 11/11; hotfix?; sales scheduling

**Description:**

In order to implement sales scheduling for NON VEO customers in the Design Center, we specced out permissions by module in VDS. Those are broken out over three stories and will take some time to implement.  

 
Unfortunately our DC customer is in a timing bind. They are faced with having to make use of an external calendar for a builder if we can't get a pilot for sales scheduling going in october.  

 
My idea here is to create a legacy role for this purpose where using the existing permissions most of the modules are turned off. I am not sure how feasible this would be.  

 
We would need to configure specific modules for them and also limit widgets on a dashboard.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
QUESTIONS / NOTES:  

 

 

 
REFERENCE ONLY FROM OTHER WORK ITEM  
New User Registration / widget A  
User Impersonation / Last Impersonated Users widget A 
Edit User Profile / widget A 
verify the button for welcome email is disabled/hidden if the feature flag associated with email notifications is off  
also consider the home buyer summary button on these cards  
 Register Contract / widget A 
Today's Appointments A?  
Option Pricing / Option pricing widget D 
Product Catalog D 
Homebuyer S...

**Acceptance Criteria:**

create a new legacy role in VDS called: Builder Sales Counselor (Scheduling Only) 
this legacy role will appear in all dropdowns including on VeoAdmin Roles view, VDS new user registration, etc 
 for this new role implement the following:  
all modules are unavailable except:  
Today's Appointments   
User impersonation  
New User Registration 
the user can only register homebuyers (same as sales counselors)  
 Edit User profile + widget  
Register Contract 
Link to scheduler (role v2 + permission)  
  the dashboard has only:  
last impersonated users  
your shortcuts (user registration, impersonate user, etc)  
 this user can be imported into VEO Scheduler from VDS  
it may work, it may require a change to handle the new legacy role  
we can set scheduler settings appropriately 
 this user has access to user registration page 
sales counselor dropdown field on profile plans (Register Contract) modified to include Sales Counselor (Scheduling Only) role type. 
ADDED: when impersonating ...

**Child Tasks (13):**

- [18451] (Done) @WalterMartinez write QA tests
- [18452] (Done) @WalterMartinez execute QA tests
- [18455] (Done) @ReidWilson Create the new legacy role
- [18456] (Done) @ReidWilson Design the dashboard for the new legacy role
- [18457] (Done) @ReidWilson Ensure nav menu only contains allowed routes
- [18458] (Done) @ReidWilson Do code-hunting to think about where things could break and fix them
- [18459] (Done) @ReidWilson PR Review
- [18558] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18736] (Done) Temp password & welcome e-mail should be disabled if user role is Sales Scheduler
- [18740] (Done) @JenniferHickey Add AC to QA tests
- [18741] (Done) @WalterMartinez Execute QA tests 2
- [18759] (Done) @JenniferHickey Execute QA Tests 3
- [18760] (Done) @ReidWilson Defect: Disabling temp password doesn't look disabled

**Comments (24):**

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> 

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Jennifer Hickey @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey after chatting with Jim, the usage of the reset password and welcome email buttons being disabled based on the notifications feature flag requires some more conversation. We agreed that it could / should be disabled for this Sales Scheduling role defined in the story. I have updated the issue and communicated this to @Reid Wilson

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> As requested, Sales Counselor (Scheduling Only) can Edit and Delete plans too. Also they can adjust the plan expiration date if it expires. 
> Tested by using a SysAdmin and a Sales Counselor (Scheduling Only). 
> See attached video.

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Justin Pope @Walter Martinez 
> 
> Alright cool. I have allowed sales schedulers to edit and delete plans. Now note that the visibility of the "Add Plan" button in the top right corner of Edit User Profile was tied to the edit plan permission. The add plan permission brilliantly did not do anything in the app, so I removed it. So now, sales schedulers can add plans too. Also, regarding modifying the expiration date if it expires, by reviewing the code, it looks like sales schedulers can do that. I am assuming all of this is alright. I am passing back to QA in this state unless I hea...

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson @Justin Pope @Walter Martinez yes I think they need this capability. Thanks! I'll bump it back

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs 
> 
> I see. That is not something that Justin or I hard-coded. It is a result of the new role not being granted the following top 2 action permissions. Would you like me to grant the new role permission to perform the following top 2 actions?

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson I notice that in edit user profile two functions related to the plan appear to be missing: 
> 
> This is my account as sys-admin impersonating a buyer: 
> 
> This is the same view impersonating a buyer as a sales scheduler: 
> 
>  
> I would expect that since they can edit user profile and register contract, we would have those two functions enabled as well. 
> 
> Was this a side effect of disabling access to something else or was this hard-coded for this role? 
> 
> Similarly, do you know if this role can adjust the plan expiration date if it expires?

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> Please find below some screenshots for this ticket.

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson @Victor Monterrey A change to the impersonation logic would blow up the story and testing, so I have placed that in another work item here: https://dev.azure.com/BuildOnTechnologies/VeoDesignStudio/_workitems/edit/18607

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Victor Monterrey  @Robert Hobbs 
> 
> Hi, good question Victor. I recall we mentioned that ideally, sales schedulers (a.k.a. Sales Counselors (Scheduling Only)) should only be able to impersonate homebuyers. However, Justin and I agreed that it would blow up this story to modify logic in the user impersonation retrieval. So we did not get around to doing that. I'm not sure if this is a make or break issue, but Rob will have to make that call.

> **Victor Monterrey** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson can you please confirm if 'Sales Counselor (Scheduling Only)' role should be able to impersonate HB only, or can impersonate any type of user.

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Jennifer Hickey @Victor Monterrey @Walter Martinez 
> 
> In putting the finishing touches on this story, particularly as they pertain to securing the nav menu, I decided to leave the 2 menu options for Product Performance & Care and Monthly Payment Calculator. This has been approved via private message from Rob. The reason for this is that those 2 modules are exposed on the sign-in page anyways and it would be more difficult in the code to do otherwise. But keep in mind that there are 2 versions for the MPC - authenticated and un-authenticated. They are self-explanatory because you ...

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Jennifer Hickey @Victor Monterrey @Walter Martinez 
> 
> Here is a screenshot of the new role's dashboard. Keep in mind that colors are theme-dependent, but the layout is not.

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Justin Pope @Reid Wilson @Daniel Arwe @Jennifer Hickey @Victor Monterrey @Walter Martinez hey Justin thanks for checking on that related to editing a user's settings as an SC (sales counselor).  
> 
> Regarding that permission you mentioned I believe that controls whether someone can grant access to VEO Admin for another user. 
> 
> That's set in VEO Admin on the user here:

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Reid Wilson @Daniel Arwe @Jennifer Hickey @Victor Monterrey @Walter Martinez
> 
> just so everyone is aware, I have attached sql scripts for the legacy role record inserts

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Jennifer Hickey @Reid Wilson @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey 
> 
> The  only people that can access these fields are Veo Admin 
> Here I am impersonating the new Sales Counselor (Scheduling Only) role:
> 
>  
> Then as my admin role:
> 
> I think it is this permission in VeoAdmin:

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Jennifer Hickey @Justin Pope @Reid Wilson @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey interesting thread. I think we have to do a bit more work here, at least in the impersonation stored procedure data. 
> 
> Please Note: if this is the only sticking point / issue - then I can draft another story  so we can move forward with this and get the customer into a pilot. 
> 
> If it doesn't already do this, I think Sales Counselors should NOT be able to impersonate anyone above their role (ranking). 
> 
> Given that these are non paying customers the last thing we would want is them impersonating us or Jim then going in...

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Justin Pope @Robert Hobbs @Reid Wilson @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey You can impersonate sys-admin, but if they don't have a session, it won't show you anything. I'm not sure if that answers your question.
> 
> On another note - The test cases that QA will run are attached here. You can run through them before PR and make sure we are all in agreement and that everything we plan to test is working. We will also do exploratory testing but these test cases cover the AC and edge cases. If you pass these, you should be in good shape. If you see anything in the test cases that you disagree with, l...

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Jennifer Hickey @Reid Wilson @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey 
> 
> I'm going through as much as I can test before I move forward
> as a Sales Counselor (Scheduling Only) 
> should I only be able to impersonate a Homebuyer:
> 
> as in the above example, I should not be able to impersonate SysAdmins
> 
> I don't see anything in the code base that would limit the return to just Home Buyers unles i select the check to limit it. So, I see that this would be entirely new functionality.

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Jennifer Hickey @Reid Wilson @Justin Pope @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey regarding the question about register contract. 
> 
> A sales counselor (scheduling only) needs to be able to register a buyer, and ultimately contract them. This imports them into the scheduler so they can be scheduled at the DC, so yep they need to able to get to edit user profile and set the plan to contracted status.

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson @Robert Hobbs @Justin Pope @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey AC has been updated to include information from discuss post below

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Justin Pope @Jennifer Hickey @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey 
> 
> Here are the highlights of the pre-story meeting.
> 
> Justin and I informed the team that we feel it is necessary to convert the JavaScript files running every other dashboard to TypeScript. That means we would like the tester to do a brief "pulse check" of all other dashboard types, namely homebuyer dashboard, designer dashboard, sales counselor dashboard, public dashboard (sign-in page), and blank dashboard (for sys-admins). What does "pulse check" mean? We mean that we do not want you spending your time doing an e...

> **Reid Wilson** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs 
> 
> Justin and I have a draft for the new role's dashboard. The shortcuts module right now is exactly the same as for sales counselors. However, we were concerned about the Register Contract shortcut. Should that shortcut/menu item/page be accessible for users of this role?

> **Joe Ebeling** _
> 
> @Reid Wilson : Added to sprint based on Discussions in the meeting earlier today.     cc: @Robert Hobbs @Victor Monterrey @Walter Martinez

---

### [18587] Release 11/11

**State:** Done | **Priority:** 3

---

### [18588] Test in Staging

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Walter Martinez | **Priority:** 3

**Child Tasks (3):**

- [18773] (Done) @VictorMonterrey Test in Staging
- [18774] (Done) @WalterMartinez Test in Staging
- [18870] (Done) @JenniferHickey Testing in Staging - Happy Path

---

### [18649] Flintrock Builders -misc branding requests

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Justin Pope | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** branding; flintrock

**Description:**

Flintrock has sent over a list of changes they would like made.  
  
Can we make this a solid color ILO of an image? We like the
idea of an image but since it must be so muted, we feel like a solid color
would just be better. If you have a better idea, we are all ears. 

 

 

 

 

 
Request 3:  

 
Videos – we reviewed some of the videos you offer and some
of them we like but others we may want to remove, would this be possible? 

 
RH: the videos associated with the Product Care & Performance
module can be customized, but the videos on the buyer dashboard currently
cannot. We can implement that – again I would need to estimate and give you a possible
release date.  

 
Request 4:  
Instead of Green here: 

 

 

 
Can we use this orange from your other page?

**Acceptance Criteria:**

set the background for the navigation in option pricing / product catalog to a solid color (no opacity on background image)  
if needed apply the same to nav menu in DMH  
 the videos can be turned off as dashboard modules at the builder series level so no dev needed needed  
lifestyle snapshot response color to the orange from the option pricing dialog  
also update the buttons to "Continue" or  "Maybe Later"  
on step for What colors do you prefer? set the selected color to [something from their theme]  
and on the navigation buttons perhaps use that same colors you use for Continue / Maybe Later

**Child Tasks (12):**

- [18778] (Done) @VictorMonterrey Write QA Tests
- [18779] (Done) @VictorMonterrey Execute QA Tests
- [18780] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18795] (Done) @JustinPope Request 1: Change Background Image to solid color in selection
- [18796] (Done) @JustinPope Request 3: Video Updates on Buyer Dashboard
- [18797] (Done) @JustinPope Request 4: Lifestyle snapshot text color change
- [18798] (Done) @JustinPope Code Discovery / Theme archetecture look at
- [18799] (Done) @JustinPope Dev Tests
- [18820] (Done) @JustinPope Pre-Story Meeting
- [18909] (Done) @JustinPope PR Review
- [18937] (Done) @JustinPope Defect: Selected color shows green
- [19073] (To Do) @VictorMonterrey Execute QA tests 2

**Comments (5):**

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Justin Pope @Victor Monterrey No, apologies for the misunderstanding. I think the coloration you are using for the buttons is fine. I was referring to the color of the selected choice - the radio button that is on the card itself. It may be fine when seen on screen - it's just in the screen shots that it appears a bit hard to discern for me.

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs @Victor Monterrey 
> I'm sorry I am just responding to this but here is the thought process for the color selections.
> Color Game | default theme:
> 
> I took what was the basis for default theme and then based off the approximate 'color transpositions' between the colors here in default theme I applied it base off the orange color they wanted
> Color Game | flintrock theme:

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Justin Pope @Victor Monterrey Hey Justin, it's rather difficult to tell if the "muted" selection is apparent enough without some kind of side by side comparison. On these screen shots it looks a bit too light to me, but I am not seeing it in the app.

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs, @Victor Monterrey
> Just to give you some screen shots of what it is looking like right now:
> Lifestyle Snapshot:
> step 1:
> 
> Notes:
> Progress bar, buttons, selections, and text that were of 'greenish' color have been changed to utilize the orange color
> step 2
> 
> Notes:
> same treatment here, even the selector color is of a 'muted' orange
> step 3:
> 
> note: same treatement
> 
> Option Pricing / Product Catalog:
> 
> Any opposing opinions?

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs, For request 3, this would be the Understanding Your Budget Video and do they have a different video that want to use? Or is this a new video to change?

---

### [18862] Sales Scheduler: hide appointments for other builders and designer events

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Daniel Arwe | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** hotfix; sales scheduling; scripts

**Description:**

One problem I found is that if you have a designer that handles appointments for more than one builder, then a sales scheduler can see some details about those appointments on their calendar.  

 
In the scenario here, I have a designer that has both STAGGERED-QA and NON-STAGGERED-QA. I have a Sales Scheduler3 associated only with STAGGERED-QA.  

 
I added an appointment for non staggered to a designer's schedule (in another window). It appears like this for the Sales Scheduler3

**Acceptance Criteria:**

Intent: the intent is to hide information about appointments other than their own builder and also designer only events for designers at an external DC 
 
 
 
 

 
Note: we can adjust the name of these settings if you think they could be more clear.  

 
A new scheduler setting is created called: "Show other builder appointments as busy." 
When this setting is ON for a logged in user,  
and there are appointments on the calendar for a designer they can see  
and some of those appointments are for an organization the current user does not have associated with their user:  
the user can see an appointment block exists on a designer scheduler but it appears as a gray box with the text "busy" in it  
they get no appointment info dialog when they mouse over this box  
 
 
A new scheduler setting is created called: "Show designer events as busy." 
When this setting is ON for a logged in user,  
and there are designer events (pto, meetings etc) on the calendar for a designer they can see  
th...

**Child Tasks (7):**

- [19005] (Done) @WalterMartinez Write QA Tests
- [19006] (Done) @WalterMartinez Execute QA Tests
- [19007] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [19032] (Done) @DanielArwe Discovery
- [19033] (Done) @DanielArwe Implementation
- [19034] (Done) @DanielArwe PR Review
- [19036] (Done) @DanielArwe Dev. Testing

**Comments (7):**

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> ✅QA Validation Completed! 
> 
> User settings exist after running the attached script. 
> When a user:
> Has 'Show other builder appointments as busy' all appointments (regular or provisional) that are not within their organization, are marked as gray blocks with the 'busy' label on top. 
> Has 'Show designer events as busy' all designer events that are not within their organization, are marked as gray blocks with the 'busy' label on top. 
> Keep in mind that details are also hidden when hovering over those 'busy' blocks. As of now, users can interact with 'busy' blocks should be great if for a future ite...

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Walter Martinez@Robert Hobbs@Jennifer Hickey The attached script must be run to insert the new user settings.

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe @Walter Martinez @Jennifer Hickey So I think we wrote these to be limiters primarily on sales counselors (scheduling only) which are not really setup yet in the system. So, my thought it we let Jim set those values as he sets them up. If they setup some users between now and when this is live, we should look at them. So maybe it's worth us just running a select of users with the new role once we are live.

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs I am assuming we are not scripting either of these two setting values as true for any user when we deploy this, but rather are letting the builders set these manually in the UI.  Is that correct, or is there a set of users that will need to have either or both of these defaulted to true?
> 
> (tagging @Walter Martinez, @Jennifer Hickey for good measure here)

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Walter Martinez Here's the colors that are acting weird

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Daniel Arwe yep those descriptions seem good to me

> **Daniel Arwe** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs, you good with these descriptions for the new settings?

---

## Bugs

### [17746] Scheduler: Contact number is not updated on the buyer dialog.

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Justin Pope | **Priority:** 3

**Repro Steps:**

Log in to VEO Scheduler. 
Open any buyer dialog.  
Edit the contact number.  
Click 'Ok'.  
Re-enter the same buyer dialog. 

SEE ATTACHED VIDEO.

**Child Tasks (7):**

- [18783] (Done) @WalterMartinez Confirmation Testing
- [18784] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18811] (Done) @JustinPope Code Discovery
- [18812] (Done) @JustinPope Development
- [18813] (Done) @JustinPope Dev Testing
- [18818] (Done) @JustinPope Pre-Story Meeting
- [18964] (Done) @JustinPope PR Review

**Comments (2):**

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> I was able to recreate the issue. Moving it back to 'In Dev'.
> See attached video.

> **Walter Martinez** _
> 
> See this additional info from a Slack convo.
> 
> More details... It only happens when you reopen the dialog via the appointment toolbar button in the schedule.
> Works as expected, updating the UI in the dialog, when you open from the buyer card on the left panel.

---

### [17925] Design Selections: product name cut off at top

**State:** Done | **Assignee:** Justin Pope | **Priority:** 1 | **Tags:** branding; flintrock

**Repro Steps:**

When the Summary pane is open in a Design Selections wizard, the top of the name is cut off. This happens no matter how many lines the name is. It is happening on multuple tabs. 

 
This is happening on Flintock theme and not default theme.

**Child Tasks (6):**

- [18781] (Done) Confirmation Testing
- [18782] (Done) @RobertHobbs PO Review
- [18804] (Done) @JustinPope Code Discovery / Pre Testing
- [18805] (Done) @JustinPope Dev Work
- [18806] (Done) @JustinPope Dev Post Testing
- [18819] (Done) @JustinPope Pre-Story Meeting

**Comments (5):**

> **Robert Hobbs** _
> 
> @Jennifer Hickey ok works for me - thanks.

> **Joe Ebeling** _
> 
> @Jennifer Hickey : lets mark it to Review and have Robert verify and close. @Justin Pope

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Joe Ebeling Bug is no longer happening. See discussion below.

> **Jennifer Hickey** _
> 
> @Justin Pope @Robert Hobbs @Walter Martinez @Victor Monterrey I retested on all my screen resolutions and its not happening anymore. Let's mark done and we can revisit if it happens again.

> **Justin Pope** _
> 
> @Robert Hobbs, @Walter Martinez, @Victor Monterrey, @Jennifer Hickey
> 
> PO and QA
> Below is my testing on multiple browsers to confirm issue that this bug is reporting. I am not able to reproduce the issue.
> 
> Local:
> 
> dev:
> 
> qa:
> 
> Can I get varification that this is an issue still?

---

